Add podcast episode 10 (#89)
nextflow-io/website: content/podcast/2023/ep10_flux_transcripts_errors.md

title=The Flux executor, bytesize transcripts and improved error messaging
episode=10
description=The Flux executor, bytesize transcripts and improved error messaging.
date=2023-01-18
type=podcast
subtype=News and Views
youtubeid=5UDIGQVo9hA
image=img/podcast_ep10.jpg
tags=news and views,opensource,community
status=published
author= Developer advocates
icon=logo_podcast_channels.jpg
~~~~~~

In this News and Views episode, [Chris Hakkaart](https://twitter.com/chris_hakk) and [Marcel Ribeiro-Dantas](https://twitter.com/mribeirodantas) discuss the hottest topics in the Nextflow world.

<!-- end-archive-description -->

#### The Flux executor

> - [Flux](https://flux-framework.org/) is a job manager akin to Slurm, Sun Grid Engine, or similar and has been added to Nextflow as an executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Flux](https://flux-framework.org/) is a job scheduler akin to Slurm, Sun Grid Engine, or similar but with some extra features and has been added to Nextflow as an executor.
```

Reviewer: I know Vanessa mentioned job manager in the PR but I suppose it's due to the fact they call flux a _resource manager_ (based on the extra bits it does), but when it comes to what Vanessa is referring to at this part, I think job scheduler is more appropriate.

> - Flux was originally designed as an HPC job manager but is being extended it to more cloud environments and will be one to watch in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flux was originally designed as an HPC job scheduler but is being extended it to more cloud environments and will be one to watch in the future.
```

- A great example of a feature that was added to Nextflow by the community [nextflow-io/nextflow#3412](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/3412).

#### Transcripts for bytesize seminars

- Video transcripts create a better user experience by increasing accessibility for users who are deaf or hard of hearing, improving audience comprehension, and enabling flexible viewing in sound-sensitive environments.
- [Franziska Bonath](https://github.com/FranBonath) has been working towards making the [nf-core bytesize](https://nf-co.re/events) seminars more accessible by adding transcripts that can be used for subtitles to all videos. 

> - All transcripts for all bytesize seminars have now been made and are now under review.

Reviewer: I think we should mention they can be read as a full text at the bytesize page in the nf-core website. What do you think? Example: https://nf-co.re/events/2022/bytesize_nftest
